Add text defining the To Be Decoy tag (#171)
ietf-wg-spice/draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt: draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt.md

~~~

# Tags Used Before SD-CWT Issuance

This section describes the semantics of two CBOR tags that are (optionally) only used to convey information to the Issuer about disclosures to create.

## To Be Redacted Tag Definition {#tbr-tag}

In order to indicate specific claims that should be redacted in a Claim Set, this specification defines a new CBOR tag "To Be Redacted".
The tag can be used by a library to automatically convert a Claim Set with "To Be Redacted" tags into a) a new Claim Set containing Redacted Claim Keys and Redacted Claim Elements replacing the tagged claim keys or claim elements, and b) a set of corresponding Salted Disclosed Claims.

When used on an element in an array, the value to be redacted is present inside the tag.
When used on a map key and value, the tag is placed around the map key, while the map value remains.

> The To Be Redacted tag is used by the software that generates the examples in this draft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples in this draft use the To Be Redacted tag in order to distinguish their pre-issued, post-issued, and post-presented representations in EDN and CDDL.
```
